feat: Enable opa authorization (#652)
stackabletech/hive-operator: docs/modules/hive/pages/usage-guide/security.adoc

===== Example OPA Rego Rule
Below is a basic rego rule that demonstrates how to handle input dictionary sent from the hive authorizer to OPA:

[source,rego]
----
package hms

default database_allow = false
default table_allow = false
default column_allow = false
default partition_allow = false
default user_allow = false

database_allow if {
  input.identity.username == "stackable"
  input.resources.database.name == "test_db"
}

table_allow if {
  input.identity.username == "stackable"
  input.resources.table.dbName == "test_db"
  input.resources.table.tableName == "test_table"
  input.privileges.readRequiredPriv[0].priv == "SELECT"
}

table_allow if {
  input.identity.username == "stackable"
  input.resources.table.dbName == "test_db"
  input.privileges.writeRequiredPriv[0].priv == "CREATE"
}
----
* `database_allow` grants access if the user is `stackable` and the database is `test_db`.
* `table_allow` grants access if the user is `stackable`, the database is `test_db` and:
** the table is `test_table` and the required read privilege is `SELECT`.
** the required write privilege is `CREATE` without any table restriction.

==== Configuring policy URLs

> The `database_allow`, `table_allow`, `column_allow`, `partition_allow`, and `user_allow` policy URLs can be (config) overriden using the properties in `hive-site.xml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `database_allow`, `table_allow`, `column_allow`, `partition_allow`, and `user_allow` policy URLs can be xref:usage-guide/overrides.adoc#_configuration_properties[config overridden] using the properties in `hive-site.xml`:
```
